New Rule: 2.4.1 Bypass Blocks (cf77f2) (#421)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/first-focusable-elements-are-links-to-content-e53727.md

```html
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>The Three Kingdoms, Chapter 1</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<a href="https://www.w3.org/" tabindex="4">Check out the W3C</a>
			<a href="#bio-translator" tabindex="1">Skip to translator's biography</a>
			<a href="#about-book" tabindex="2">Skip to information about the book</a>
			<a href="#main" tabindex="3">Skip to text</a>
		</nav>

		<aside id="bio-translator">
			<h1>About the translator</h1>
			<p>Yu Sumei is a professor of English at East China Normal University.</p>
		</aside>
		<aside id="about-book">
			<h1>About the book</h1>
			<p>The Romance of the Three Kingdoms is a 14th century historical novel.</p>
		</aside>

		<main id="main">
			<h1>Three Heroes Swear Brotherhood at a Feast in the Peach Garden</h1>
			<p>
				Unity succeeds division and division follows unity. One is bound to be replaced by the other after a long span
				of time.
			</p>
			<a href="/test-assets/bypass-blocks-cf77f2/chapter1.html">Read Chapter 2</a>
		</main>
	</body>
</html>
```

#### Passed Example 12

> In this document, the [initial segment][] composed of the first three [focusable][] elements fulfills both expectations. Even though the links are spread around the page, they are still an [initial segment][] of the [focusable][] elements. In this case, there are only three [blocks of content][block of content] in the [semantic segmentation][]: both `aside` elements and the `main` element.

Reviewer: Good point. I'm moving the `id` to an element just after the link to give the same effect as https://github.com/act-rules/act-rules.github.io/pull/421/files#diff-21ed3ce976a39981388b6261cba581deR186-R214
(definitely not a good implementation of G124, but still passing…)

		</aside>
		<aside id="about-book">
			<h1>About the book</h1>
			<p>The Romance of the Three Kingdoms is a 14th century historical novel.</p>
		</aside>

		<main id="main">
			<h1>Three Heroes Swear Brotherhood at a Feast in the Peach Garden</h1>
			<p>
				Unity succeeds division and division follows unity. One is bound to be replaced by the other after a long span
				of time.
			</p>
			<a href="/test-assets/bypass-blocks-cf77f2/chapter1.html">Read Chapter 2</a>
		</main>
	</body>
</html>
```

#### Failed Example 3

In this document, the first, second and fourth links form a set that fulfills Expectation 2 and most of Expectation 1. However, the presence of the third link means that this set is not an [initial segment][]. The first two links form an [initial segment][] fulfilling Expectation 1, but not Expectation 2 because there is no link to the [main block of content][]. There is no [initial segment][] fulfilling both expectations.

```html
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>The Three Kingdoms, Chapter 1</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<a href="#bio-translator">Skip to translator's biography</a>
			<a href="#about-book">Skip to information about the book</a>

> 			<a href="https://www.w3.org/">Check out the W3C</a>

Reviewer 2: I don't understand it, on one location we stated that don't need the same order in a passed example. In another location, we used the same instruments in different orders but it failed the rule. I guess we should not mix the skip links navigation and other navigation such as navigation to other pages which are not even linked to the same set of pages.

			<h1>About the book</h1>
			<p>The Romance of the Three Kingdoms is a 14th century historical novel.</p>
		</aside>

		<main id="main">
			<h1>Three Heroes Swear Brotherhood at a Feast in the Peach Garden</h1>
			<p>
				Unity succeeds division and division follows unity. One is bound to be replaced by the other after a long span
				of time.
			</p>
			<a href="/test-assets/bypass-blocks-cf77f2/chapter1.html">Read Chapter 2</a>
		</main>
	</body>
</html>
```

#### Failed Example 5

In this document, the first [focusable][] element form an [initial segment][] that fulfills Expectation 1 but not Expectation 2 because there is no link to the [main block of content][]. The first three [focusable][] elements form an [initial segment][] that fulfills Expectation 2 but not Expectation 1 because the second [focusable][] element is not [included in the accessibility tree][]. Thus, no [initial segment][] fulfills both Expectations.

```html
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>The Three Kingdoms, Chapter 1</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<a href="#bio-translator">Skip to translator's biography</a>
			<a href="#about-book" aria-hidden="true">Skip to information about the book</a>

> 			<a href="#main">Skip to text</a>

Reviewer 2: Do you mean the initial segment only contains one link? according to the definition of the initial segment we have a well set of elements let me say `<nav>`, as the second element became hidden because of `<aria-hidden>` then we have only two links in the initial set and one of them is main. 
Correct me if I am interpreting is wrong.

> 			<a href="#main">Skip to text</a>

Reviewer: There are, of course, several initial segment and we need to find one which passes both expectations.

* The initial segment with only one element does not pass Expectation 2, whatever the chosen semantic segmentation (no link to main).
* The initial segment with 2 elements does not pass Expectation 1 because it contains an `aria-hidden` element.
* The initial segment with 3 (or more) elements does not pass Expectation 1 (same as with only 2 elements, it contains an `aria-hidden` element).

Thus, no initial segment passes both Expectations and the rule fails.

The initial segment, as built by Expectation 1, is an initial segment **of focusable elements**, compare:
1. "There exists an initial segment of focusable elements, such that they are all included in the accessibility tree" (current formulation)
2. "There exists an initial segment of the elements that are (focusable and included in the accessibility tree)" (parenthesis added for clarity)

In the first case, we consider all focusable elements (independently of inclusion in the accessibility tree) and thus cannot "jump" over the `aria-hidden` element when building the initial segment (and the presence of this element makes any segment of length 2 or more fail Expectation 1 because it fails the immediate check).
In the second case, we start by filtering the non-accessible links.

---
Now, I do agree that this example is likely satisfying 2.4.1… I'm starting to doubt the structure of these rules for G1 ad G124 anyway… More on that in another message, I need to group my remarks together 😕

---
id: e53727
name: First focusable elements are links to sections of content
rule_type: atomic
description: |
  This rule checks that the first focusable elements are links referring to elements on the same page
accessibility_requirements:
	wcag-technique:G124: # Adding links at the top of the page to each area of the content
		forConformance: false
		failed: not satisfied
		passed: satisfied
		inapplicable: further testing needed
input_aspects:
	- DOM Tree
	- CSS styling
authors:
	- Jean-Yves Moyen
	- Anne Thyme Nørregard
---

## Applicability

This rule applies to any [document](#https://www.w3.org/TR/dom/#concept-document) where the [document element](#https://www.w3.org/TR/dom/#document-element) is an HTML `html` element.

## Expectation 1

> There is an [initial segment](#initial-segment) of the [focusable](#focusable) elements (in focus order) such that each element in that [intial segment](#initial-segment):

Author: [intial segment] --> [initial segment] ("i" missing)

> There is an [initial segment](#initial-segment) of the [focusable](#focusable) elements (in focus order) such that each element in that [intial segment](#initial-segment):

Author: How does a tester decide where the initial segment ends?
Is that for Expectation 2 to decide? I am not sure I am completely following.

---
id: e53727
name: First focusable elements are links to sections of content
rule_type: atomic
description: |

>   This rule checks that the first focusable elements are links referring to elements on the same page

Reviewer 3: to elements or to sections?

accessibility_requirements:
	wcag-technique:G124: # Adding links at the top of the page to each area of the content
		forConformance: false
		failed: not satisfied
		passed: satisfied
		inapplicable: further testing needed
input_aspects:
	- DOM Tree
	- CSS styling
authors:
	- Jean-Yves Moyen
	- Anne Thyme Nørregard
---

## Applicability

This rule applies to any [document](#https://www.w3.org/TR/dom/#concept-document) where the [document element](#https://www.w3.org/TR/dom/#document-element) is an HTML `html` element.

## Expectation 1

There is an [initial segment](#initial-segment) of the [focusable](#focusable) elements (in focus order) such that each element in that [initial segment](#initial-segment):

> - is [visible](#visible) when [focused](#focused); and

Reviewer 3: and included in the accessibility tree

- has a [semantic role](#semantic-role) of link; and
- when activated, moves focus to a [section of content](#section-of-content) within the same [document](#https://www.w3.org/TR/dom/#concept-document); and

> - has an [accessible name](#accessible-name) that communicates that it links to that specific [section of content](#section-of-content).

Reviewer 3: once again, I think the accessible description should also be considered here

**Note**: There is no requirement on how many [focusable](#focusable) elements are part of that [initial segment](#initial-segment), nor any requirement to provide a way to determine (programatically or not) where that [initial segment](#initial-segment) stops. Technique [G124: Adding links at the top of the page to each area of the content](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Techniques/general/G124), and this rule, only require that such an set exists.

**Editorial note**: An attempt to clarify what this initial segment has to be is done in the second expectation: it must contain exactly one link for each section of content in the page. I am still not very happy with the formulation, nor with the order of these two expectations. Any suggestions to improve that are welcome…

## Expectation 2

> Each [section of content](#section-of-content) in the [document](#https://www.w3.org/TR/dom/#concept-document) is the target of exactly one link from the set of [focusable](#focusable) elements that passes Expectation 1.

Reviewer 3: With this expectation, you're stating that all sections of content in the document need to be a target of one the links. I'm not sure that that is implied in G124, and I don't think that needs to happen (you probably don't want to fail a page that does not have skip links to the adverts section). This can be tackled in the definition of section of content (by explicitly leaving out specific sections of content, like advertisement), or this expectation can be rewritten to state that each link in the initial segment targets a different section of content.

Reviewer: Yes, the difficulty is to make G124 different from G1… Since G124 doesn't specify the number of links, it looks like anything that passes G1 also passes G124 (with a set of 1 link). I think the main difference is that G124 states:
>  by providing a list of links to *the different* section*s* of the content.

(emphasise mine)
which I interpreted as "to each of them", as opposed to G1 which is only "to the main content".

The, I agree that I don't want to fail a page that "misses" a link to Ads… And trying to put that into the definition of "Section of content" might spiral into an endless list of exceptions.

Saying that the links go to different sections is not very good for separating G124 from G1: a single link to main would pass that also.

I understand that a page with a navigation bar and a main content and only a link to main content should pass G1 but fail G124. The challenge here is to manage to write the rules in a way that it is possible to pass (the rule for) G1 but fail (the rule for) G124.

Requiring several links for G124 is not really good either since I also understand that if a page only has main content, then a single link to it would pass both G1 and G124 (and probably be a bit pointless since there are no blocks to bypass, but that's another issue).

Reviewer 3: I agree with your argument. Per the description of G124 "each area of the content" will need to be linked. But this means that we are going to have to be extra careful when writing the definition of "section of content", which is left undefined in WCAG, unfortunately

Reviewer: Yes. We have a definition of [Section of content](https://act-rules.github.io/glossary/#section-of-content) which does not rule ads or similar stuff (it even includes it since ads serve a purpose…)

Reviewer 3: I had forgotten we already had that definition :-)
Let's see what others think about linking to each section of content.

- is [included in the accessibility tree][]; and
- is [visible][] when [focused][]; and
- has a [semantic role][] of link; and
- can be activated by use of keyboard only; and
- when activated, moves focus to a [section of content][] within the same [document][]; and
- has an [accessible name][] that communicates that it links to that specific [section of content][].

**Note:** There is no requirement on how many [focusable][] elements are part of that [initial segment][], nor any requirement to provide a way to determine (programmatically or not) where that [initial segment][] stops. Technique [G124: Adding links at the top of the page to each area of the content](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Techniques/general/G124), and this rule, only require that such a set exists.

**Note for reviewers**: An attempt to clarify what this initial segment has to be is done in the second expectation: it must contain exactly one link for each section of content in the page. I am still not very happy with the formulation, nor with the order of these two expectations. Any suggestions to improve that are welcome…

## Expectation 2

> Each [section of content][] in the [document][] that is preceded (in tree order) by at least one [section of repeated content][] is the target of exactly one link from the [initial segment][] of [focusable][] elements found by Expectation 1.

Reviewer 3: I (now) agree that to pass G124 every section needs to be linked (the technique's name mentions "each area of the content").
But you do raise a valid concern. A segment that does not link to each section would fail this rule, but if it includes a link to the main section, and that is not the first link in the page, then it would (potentially) fail all rules...
Should we add an expectation to this rule that one of the links is to the main section?

> Each [section of content][] in the [document][] that is preceded (in tree order) by at least one [section of repeated content][] is the target of exactly one link from the [initial segment][] of [focusable][] elements found by Expectation 1.

Reviewer: I've boosted up the rule, using the new def of "semantic segmentation". That should cover these cases (check Passed Examples 8-9 in main rule).

- that link has an [accessible name][] that communicates that it links to this specific [block of content][].

## Assumptions

- This rule assumes that the description of the link is provided through its [accessible name][].
- This rule assumes that [Technique G124: Adding links at the top of the page to each area of the content][tech g124] requires that the link can be [activated][] by use of keyboard only (in order to be useful for keyboard users).
- This rule assumes that any global dismissible information that only appears once per site has already been acknowledged and is not displayed anymore. Many sites display a cookies policy banner which might be stealing focus until dismissed (usually by viewing and accepting cookies policy). Since that content is _not_ repeated (is it only shown once for the full site), it is not a problem to have it, and it may appear on any page of the site (depending where the user first comes in). If such a banner is taken into account, the rule may fail incorrectly.

## Accessibility Support

_There are no major accessibility support issues known for this rule._

## Background

> There is no requirement on how many [focusable][] elements are part of the [initial segment][] from Expectation 1, nor any requirement to provide a way to determine (programmatically or not) where that [initial segment][] stops. Technique [G124: Adding links at the top of the page to each area of the content](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Techniques/general/G124), and this rule, only require that such a set exists. While Expectation 1 can always be passed by an empty [initial segment][] (i.e. a set of zero [focusable][] elements), Expectation 2 forces that [initial segment][] to have one or more elements (unless the page itself is empty and has zero [block of content][]…)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There is no requirement on how many [focusable][] elements are part of the [initial segment][] from Expectation 1, nor any requirement to provide a way to determine (programmatically or not) where that [initial segment][] stops. Technique [G124: Adding links at the top of the page to each area of the content](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Techniques/general/G124), and this rule, only require that such a set exists. While Expectation 1 can always be passed by an empty [initial segment][] (i.e. a set of zero [focusable][] elements), Expectation 2 forces that [initial segment][] to have one or more elements (unless the page itself is empty and has zero [blocks of content][block of content])
```

- [G124: Adding links at the top of the page to each area of the content][tech g124]

Each test case contains a link to the second chapter of the book so that each `aside` element is a [block of repeated content][]. Unless specified, in each of the test cases the [semantic segmentation][] found by Expectation 2 has four [blocks][block of content]: the `nav` element, both `aside` elements, and the `main` element (which is also the [main block of content][]).

## Test Cases

### Passed

#### Passed Example 1

> The [initial segment][] composed of the first three [focusable][] elements in this [document][] fulfills both expectations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The [initial segment][] composed of the first four [focusable][] elements in this [document][] fulfills both expectations.
```

```html
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>The Three Kingdoms, Chapter 1</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<a href="#bio-translator">Skip to translator's biography</a>
			<a href="#about-book">Skip to information about the book</a>
			<a href="#main">Skip to text</a>
		</nav>

		<aside id="bio-translator">
			<h1>About the translator</h1>
			<p>Yu Sumei is a professor of English at East China Normal University.</p>
		</aside>
		<aside id="about-book">
			<h1>About the book</h1>
			<p>The Romance of the Three Kingdoms is a 14th century historical novel.</p>
		</aside>

		<main id="main">
			<h1>Three Heroes Swear Brotherhood at a Feast in the Peach Garden</h1>
			<p>
				Unity succeeds division and division follows unity. One is bound to be replaced by the other after a long span
				of time.
			</p>
			<a href="/test-assets/bypass-blocks-cf77f2/chapter1.html">Read Chapter 2</a>
		</main>
	</body>
</html>
```

#### Passed Example 3

> The [initial segment][] composed of the first three [focusable][] elements in this [document][] fulfills both expectations. The links do not need to be in the same order as the [blocks of content][block of content].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The [initial segment][] composed of the first four [focusable][] elements in this [document][] fulfills both expectations. The links do not need to be in the same order as the [blocks of content][block of content].
```

```html
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>The Three Kingdoms, Chapter 1</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<aside id="bio-translator">
			<h1>About the translator</h1>
			<p>Yu Sumei is a professor of English at East China Normal University.</p>
		</aside>

		<nav id="local-navigation">
			<a href="#bio-translator">Skip to translator's biography</a>
			<a href="#local-navigation">Skip to local navigation</a>
			<a href="#about-book">Skip to information about the book</a>
			<a href="#main">Skip to text</a>
		</nav>

		<aside id="about-book">
			<h1>About the book</h1>
			<p>The Romance of the Three Kingdoms is a 14th century historical novel.</p>
		</aside>

		<main id="main">
			<h1>Three Heroes Swear Brotherhood at a Feast in the Peach Garden</h1>
			<p>
				Unity succeeds division and division follows unity. One is bound to be replaced by the other after a long span
				of time.
			</p>
			<a href="/test-assets/bypass-blocks-cf77f2/chapter1.html">Read Chapter 2</a>
		</main>
	</body>
</html>
```

#### Passed Example 8

> The [initial segment][] composed of the first three [focusable][] elements in this [document][] fulfills both expectations. The fourth [focusable][] element can be left out of the [initial segment][] even though it is styled similarly.

Reviewer 3: I would remove the "can be left out" because it needs to be left out.
```suggestion
The [initial segment][] composed of the first three [focusable][] elements in this [document][] fulfills both expectations. The fourth [focusable][] element is not part of the [initial segment][] even though it is styled similarly.
```

			</p>
			<a href="/test-assets/bypass-blocks-cf77f2/chapter1.html">Read Chapter 2</a>
		</main>
	</body>
</html>
```

### Failed

#### Failed Example 1

This [HTML web page][] has no link to skip to the various [blocks of content][block of content]. Even if we consider a [semantic segmentation][] with only two [blocks][block of content] (both `aside` elements in a single block), there is still no link to skip to the second one.

```html
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>The Three Kingdoms, Chapter 1</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<aside id="bio-translator">
			<h1>About the translator</h1>
			<p>Yu Sumei is a professor of English at East China Normal University.</p>
		</aside>
		<aside id="about-book">
			<h1>About the book</h1>
			<p>The Romance of the Three Kingdoms is a 14th century historical novel.</p>
		</aside>

		<main id="main">
			<h1>Three Heroes Swear Brotherhood at a Feast in the Peach Garden</h1>
			<p>
				Unity succeeds division and division follows unity. One is bound to be replaced by the other after a long span
				of time.
			</p>
			<a href="/test-assets/bypass-blocks-cf77f2/chapter1.html">Read Chapter 2</a>
		</main>
	</body>
</html>
```

#### Failed Example 2

> The first two [focusable][] elements form an [initial segment][] that fulfills Expectation 1 but not Expectation 2 because there is no link to the [main block of content][].

Reviewer 3: Just wondering... can't we have a segmentation that would be:
- block 1: the first aside
- block2: the second aside + the main

This would meet expectation 2, right?

Reviewer: That wouldn't be a "semantic segmentation" because block 2 would contain both nodes from inside and outside the main block of content.

		<title>The Three Kingdoms, Chapter 1</title>
	</head>
	<body onload="ClickOnEnter(['link-bio', 'link-about'])">
		<nav>
			<span role="link" onclick="location.href='#bio-translator';" tabindex="0" id="link-bio"
				>Skip to translator's biography</span
			>
			<span role="link" onclick="location.href='#about-book';" tabindex="0" id="link-about"
				>Skip to information about the book</span
			>
			<span role="link" onclick="location.href='#main';" tabindex="0" id="link-main">Skip to text</span>
		</nav>

		<aside id="bio-translator">
			<h1>About the translator</h1>
			<p>Yu Sumei is a professor of English at East China Normal University.</p>
		</aside>
		<aside id="about-book">
			<h1>About the book</h1>
			<p>The Romance of the Three Kingdoms is a 14th century historical novel.</p>
		</aside>

		<main id="main">
			<h1>Three Heroes Swear Brotherhood at a Feast in the Peach Garden</h1>
			<p>
				Unity succeeds division and division follows unity. One is bound to be replaced by the other after a long span
				of time.
			</p>
			<a href="/test-assets/bypass-blocks-cf77f2/chapter1.html">Read Chapter 2</a>
		</main>
	</body>
</html>
```

#### Failed Example 9

> The first two [focusable][] elements form an [initial segment][] that fulfills Expectation 1 but not Expectation 2 because there is no link to the [main block of content][]. The third [focusable][] element does not fulfill Expectation 1 because its [accessible name][] does not communicate the intend. Thus, no [initial segment][] fulfills both Expectations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The first two [focusable][] elements form an [initial segment][] that fulfills Expectation 1 but not Expectation 2 because there is no link to the [main block of content][]. The third [focusable][] element does not fulfill Expectation 1 because its [accessible name][] does not communicate the intent. Thus, no [initial segment][] fulfills both Expectations.
```

## Accessibility Support

_There are no major accessibility support issues known for this rule._

**Editorial note**: In its current state, the definition of [section of content](#section-of-content) would include, _e.g._ an advertising sidebar as a specific section of content. However, it is not clear that the lack of link to it would be a breach of G124 or SC 2.4.1… Idea?

## Background

- [G124: Adding links at the top of the page to each area of the content](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Techniques/general/G124)

## Test Cases

### Passed

#### Passed Example 1

A list of links to different sections of content each having a focusable semantic link element and when activated moves the focus to the associated section of content.

> ```html

Reviewer: In this rule also, the content of the `body` is probably enough.

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<title></title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<ul>
			<li><a href="#navigation">Skip to navigation</a></li>
			<li><a href="#search">Skip to search</a></li>
			<li><a href="#main">Skip to main content</a></li>
		</ul>

> 		<!-- Repeated Content -->

Reviewer: We probably don't need the comment here, given that the repeated content is more or less the `nav` and `form` elements. Moreover, the rule does not mention repeated content.

OTOH, we probably need to add to descriptions "Sections of content are identified by headings/semantic elements/…"

Reviewer 4: You are right, I removed the references to repeated content and reworded several of these and included the glossary reference for section-of-content. Let me know if it needs anything further.

		<main id="main">Main content</main>
	</body>
</html>
```

#### Passed Example 3

The list of links when activated move focus to heading elements.

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<title></title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<ul>
			<li><a href="#firstheading">First heading</a></li>
			<li><a href="#secondheading">Second heading</a></li>
		</ul>
		<!-- Repeated Content -->
		<h2 id="firstheading">First heading section</h2>
		<!-- Content -->
		<h2 id="secondheading">Second heading section</h2>
		<!-- Content -->
	</body>
</html>
```

#### Passed Example 4

The list of links use `aria-label` to provide an accessible name.

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<title></title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<ul>
			<li><a href="#navigation" aria-label="Skip to navigation"></a></li>
			<li><a href="#search" aria-label="Skip to search"></a></li>
			<li><a href="#main" aria-label="Skip to main content"></a></li>
		</ul>
		<!-- Repeated content -->
		<nav id="navigation">Navigation section</nav>
		<form role="search" id="search">Search section</form>
		<main id="main">Main content</main>
	</body>
</html>
```

#### Passed Example 5

> The list of links use `aria-describedby` to provide an accessible name.

Reviewer: I think that `aria-describedby` is poorly supported and we generally prefer using `aria-labelledby` in examples.

Reviewer 4: removed this example!

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<title></title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<ul>
			<li><a href="#navigation" aria-describedby="navigationHeading">Skip to navigation</a></li>
			<li><a href="#search" aria-describedby="searchHeading">Skip to search</a></li>
			<li><a href="#main" aria-describedb="mainHeading">Skip to main content</a></li>
		</ul>
		<!-- Repeated content -->
		<nav id="navigation">
			<h2 id="navigationHeading">Navigation section</h2>
		</nav>
		<form role="search" id="search">
			<h2 id="searchHeading">Search section</h2>
		</form>
		<main id="main">
			<h2 id="mainHeading">Main content</h2>
		</main>
	</body>
</html>
```

### Failed

#### Failed Example 1

> First focusable elements in the document do not have a semantic role of link.

Reviewer: Here also, it could be good to have them move focus correctly but without being links.
It can also be with one of them not being a link and the rest being (only one bad is enough to fail).

Reviewer 4: Great. I added another failing example for the use case of one of the links not having a semantic role of link. I could see needing more examples where one of the links doesn't have an accessible name, does not move focus to a section etc but that could get messy. Thoughts?

Reviewer: Yes, w do need failing tests that fail for each individual reason. Here, Expectation 1 has 5 subconditions, so we need (at least) 5 tests, failing each one of these reason and none of the others.

When checking implementations of this rule, we need to be able to check that the implementation is actually doing the correct thing. If all failing examples lack, say, the first subcondition, then we could dub as "good" an implementation which only checks this subcondition, and that would be incorrect…

This is comparable with code like `if (a(x) && b(x) && c(x) && d(x) && e(x))`. Assuming that `a`, `b`, `c`, `d`, and `e` are not called elsewhere, the easiest way to ensure full coverage (including correct branching) is to have 5 tests, each failing one of these. If, say, all the test fail `e(x)`, then we cannot make the difference between `… && e(x)` and `… || e(x)`.

So, yes, we do need failing test case for each individual (sub)condition.

		<nav id="navigation">Navigation section</nav>
		<form id="search" role="search">Search section</form>
		<main id="main">Main content</main>
	</body>
</html>
```

#### Failed Example 5

List of links are not visible when focus is applied.

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<title></title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<ul style="display:none;" id="skiplinks">
			<li><a href="#navigation">Skip to navigation</a></li>
			<li><a href="#search">Skip to search</a></li>
			<li><a href="#main">Skip to main content</a></li>
		</ul>
		<!-- Repeated content -->
		<nav id="navigation">Navigation section</nav>
		<form id="search" role="search">Search section</form>
		<main id="main">Main content</main>
	</body>
</html>
```

#### Failed Example 6

List of links does not have an accessible name.

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
	<head>
		<title></title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<ul>
			<li><a href="#navigation"></a></li>
			<li><a href="#search"></a></li>
			<li><a href="#main"></a></li>
		</ul>
		<!-- Repeated content -->
		<nav id="navigation">Navigation section</nav>
		<form id="search" role="search">Search section</form>
		<main id="main">Main content</main>
	</body>
</html>
```

> 

Reviewer: Add a failed example where not all sections of content are covered (_i.e._ failing Expectation 2).
Add example where one section of content is covered by several links.
